README.md, before:

# Packages
List of packages owned with examples.


## ServerRoleAuth
[![NuGet package](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ServerRoleAuth/) ![Build status](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/workflows/.NET%20Core%20Pack/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://GitHub.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/releases)
[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://GitHub.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/tags/)
[![Open Source? Yes!](https://badgen.net/badge/Open%20Source%20%3F/Yes%21/blue?icon=github)](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth)

Configure request based authorization at server side with simple JSON based configurations.
- For more details and features:
      - [Docs](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth)

## CacheInMemory
[![NuGet package](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/CacheInMemory.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CacheInMemory) 
[![Open Source? No!](https://badgen.net/badge/Open%20Source%20%3F/No%21/blue?icon=github)](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth)

This client library provides capabilities to add cache in memory for data.
- For more details and features:
      - [Docs](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/Packages/blob/main/Doc/CacheInMemory.md)


## Contribute
Always welcome. Feel free to raise a request from GitHub.

![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/AnkitVarmait.svg?label=Follow%20@AnkitVarmait)

 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitvarma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
 </a>

Commit message:

Update README.md (#5)
* Update README.md

* Create AsyncScheduler.md

* Update README.md

* Update AsyncScheduler.md

README.md, after:

# Packages
List of packages owned with examples.


## ServerRoleAuth
[![NuGet package](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ServerRoleAuth/) ![Build status](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/workflows/.NET%20Core%20Pack/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://GitHub.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/releases)
[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth.svg)](https://GitHub.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth/tags/)
[![Open Source? Yes!](https://badgen.net/badge/Open%20Source%20%3F/Yes%21/blue?icon=github)](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth)

Configure request based authorization at server side with simple JSON based configurations.
- For more details and features:
      - [Docs](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/ServerRoleAuth)

## CacheInMemory
[![NuGet package](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/CacheInMemory.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CacheInMemory) 

This client library provides capabilities to add cache in memory for data.
- For more details and features:
      - [Docs](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/Packages/blob/main/Doc/CacheInMemory.md)

## AsyncScheduler
[![NuGet package](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/AsyncScheduler.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AsyncScheduler) 

This client library provides capabilities to configure activities that is Task and run in memory either in asynchronously or synchronously.
Create as many as activity (jobs that you want to run).
Configure to run all activities or one activity.
Container support to easily register dependencies.
 
- For more details and features:
      - [Docs](https://github.com/ankitvarmait/Packages/blob/main/Doc/AsyncScheduler.md)

## Contribute
Always welcome. Feel free to raise a request from GitHub.

![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/AnkitVarmait.svg?label=Follow%20@AnkitVarmait)

 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitvarma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
 </a>
